# Localisation

[[toc]]

## Introduction

Our implementation allows you to localise the `title`, `detail` and `code`
members in JSON:API error objects. This chapter provides details of how
to localise the different errors that are generated by Laravel JSON:API.

We are also happy to receive pull requests to add default language files
to our packages.

## JSON:API Compliance Errors

All our [specification compliance errors](../requests/compliance.md)
can be localised if desired. Simply publish the compliance
translation files, using the following Artisan command:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --provider="LaravelJsonApi\Spec\ServiceProvider"
```

This will publish the translation files to
`/resources/lang/vendor/jsonapi-spec`.

:::tip
Pull Requests to add default language files for specification compliance
must be submitted to the
[`laravel-json-api/spec` repository.](https://github.com/laravel-json-api/spec)
:::

## Validation Errors

All our validation errors for resource requests and query parameter
validation can be localised if desired. This includes default messages
for all the Laravel JSON:API rule objects.

Simply publish the validation translation files, using the following
Artisan command:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --provider="LaravelJsonApi\Validation\ServiceProvider"
```

This will publish the translation files to
`/resources/lang/vendor/jsonapi-validation`.

:::tip
Pull Requests to add default language files for specification compliance
must be submitted to the
[`laravel-json-api/validation` repository.](https://github.com/laravel-json-api/validation)
:::
